So we spend a lot of time on the auth screen,
now there's one thing you also have to do if you implement the responsive approach as we did. If we submit
this and move on and we create a new place here for example, up here by adding Munich let's say, we share
the place
and we click on it,
we get this warning that we can only update a mounted or mounting component.
We should check the auth screen component and we should, our approach for reacting to dimension changes
is fine,
there's one important thing we have to do and you always have to do when applying this approach.
I'm setting up an event listener here
right,
the problem is we never detached that listener,
so we actually created a memory leak,
we should detach it. Whenever this component does not exist,
there's no need for us to listen to this change,
so what I will do is I will add the componentWillUnmount hook here and in this step here, when it will
unmount,
then I will call dimensions remove event listener and remove my change listener.
Now here we need to remove exactly the same function we hooked up here, to do that I'll actually create
a new method here which I'll name update styles, like this
and I'll put my set state call into this method here
so that here I just call update styles, just need to accept dims as an argument here
and by the way, that also allows us to optimize this and use dims window height but the old code also
worked.
But now with that, we can also, here it should be this update styles, we can use this update styles here too to remove
that event listener.
So with these changes in place, referring to update styles in both add and remove event listener, if we save
that code and we reload our application, if we now submit and go to create a new place like Munich again
and we share that place, if we now visit this, we no longer get that warning and we no longer create this memory
leak.
So cleaning this up is really important and something you should do when working with that approach.